every welcome to video games I'm live
this is Mario Party 10 the first player
party since the last Mario remember that
invest my next problems you'll get to
take it off that you can play as toad
right well the plan I think we were
always playing as our wheat before
playing with our dicks okay
Oh
bigger
know-it-all come to watch
bonus three points from the Oh give her
the wind reluck bullshit oh okay thank
you
it's Bowser party give me a beer
I'm at dawn a beer I think I might need
another Bowser lady your hat
it's Ben's hat this is the Hat no no was
it the Hat the Hat
it's the house is bad yeah it was a hat
guy yo what so what does that mean
what's the bedroom clockwise fucking mad
thinking we're just yeah so that's one
of my face off besides the girl so I can
make it with the gun
wake me when the caucus bit wrong ball
wizard
it's bare feet ha ha and the silver days
by hey teacher
I got this I feel like there's a lot of
things aspects of these you have
fingerless gloves do alright thanks for
watching guys see you later these right
this is a dumb shit game